Fixed the URL link which led users to a HTTP 404. (#276)
Shopify/javascript: react/README.md

# `import {React} from 'Shopify'`

> This guide provides a few guidelines on writing sensible React. Many of these rules are enforced by our [shared ESLint configuration](../packages/eslint-plugin-shopify), which makes use of the excellent [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/Shopify/web-configs/tree/main/packages/eslint-plugin) project.

Reviewer: The old URL no longer gives a 404 - but it does redirect.

Should we instead change the URL to:
```suggestion
This guide provides a few guidelines on writing sensible React. Many of these rules are enforced by our [shared ESLint configuration](../packages/eslint-plugin-shopify), which makes use of the excellent [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) project.
```

Author: What's the difference between the 2 repositories?
